# CRP_GDPR_datasets

## Structure of library

### Generator
Attributes:
- Architecture (ctgan, pategan, gaussiancopula,...)
- Number of epochs
- Training data
- List of categorical columns 
- List of columns of privacy concerns

Methods:
- Main method that implements the logic and calls other methods that implement the specific architectures
- Method for each individual architecture
- Method for manual correction of privacy sensitive columns (GAN would never generate new emailaddresses from a column, so privacy concerns would remain, we have to fake them with faker or Chat-GPT,...)


### Similarity Check
Attributes:
- Type of data
- Metrics to check
- Real table
- Synthetic table

Methods:
- Calculating the metrics
- Making visualizations
- Privacy checks

### Privacy check 
(Based on SDMetrics Diagnostic Report: https://docs.sdv.dev/sdmetrics/reports/diagnostic-report/single-table-api)

Contains the PrivacyCheck class, which generates a report on the similarity between original and synthetic data with respect to privacy concerns. 

Attributes:
- Synthesis, Coverage, Boundaries scores
- Real data
- Sythetic Data
- Datatypes of columns

Methods:
- Create Report (-> compute Synthesis, Coverage, Boundaries scores)
- Get details on report (return summary of report)
- Get individual scores
- Visualizations
- Save report as a file

# Customization 

The PrivacyCheck class uses the NewRowSynthesis metric to generate the privacy report. You can customize the behavior of the report by modifying the parameters passed to this metric. For example, you can change the sensitivity threshold or the privacy model used.

You can also customize the visualizations generated by the get_visualization method by modifying the property_name argument. The available options are 'Synthesis', 'Coverage', and 'Boundaries'.

### Main 
This project contains a Python script main.py that generates synthetic data using the CTGAN algorithm and evaluates the similarity between the original and generated data. 

## Usage

* Clone this repository to your local machine.
* Install the required libraries using pip install -r requirements.txt.
* Modify the parameters passed to the Generator class in main.py
  - Change the path to your csv (path_test_data)
  - Change the list of categorical columns (cat_cols)
  - Change the list of sensitive columns (sensitive_cols)
  - Change the metadata to specify the type of data you want to generate (my_metadata)
* Run main.py using python main.py.

The generated synthetic data will be outputted to the console and stored in a CSV file named synth_data.csv if you uncomment #df.to_csv('synth_data.csv'). The similarity between the original and generated data will also be evaluated and printed to the console. 


